{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \styrsid13571432 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
\ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid422168\rsid591941\rsid615311\rsid753039\rsid1014044\rsid1049970
\rsid1142594\rsid2049168\rsid2109876\rsid2385750\rsid3034900\rsid3176931\rsid3348721\rsid3421549\rsid4077711\rsid4080335\rsid4194627\rsid4794607\rsid4929049\rsid5187661\rsid5925057\rsid6365346\rsid6826757\rsid7417101\rsid7540209\rsid7944897\rsid8133189
\rsid8389513\rsid8459123\rsid8589151\rsid9249214\rsid9523971\rsid9785715\rsid9987984\rsid10093931\rsid10120073\rsid10255686\rsid10904603\rsid10950743\rsid11212753\rsid11218210\rsid11344599\rsid11758839\rsid12347534\rsid12409900\rsid13199340\rsid13304380
\rsid13311576\rsid13511071\rsid13571432\rsid13846604\rsid14120077\rsid14958429\rsid15028889\rsid15417417\rsid15617856\rsid15932467\rsid16477104}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.2627;}{\info{\title Biographical Sketch \'96 Richard C}{\author Jan Waite}
{\operator Jan Waite}{\creatim\yr2006\mo5\dy26\hr22\min37}{\revtim\yr2006\mo5\dy26\hr22\min46}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords407}{\nofchars2321}{\nofcharsws2723}{\vern16437}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\rsidroot4794607 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13571432 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs24\insrsid13571432 Biographical Sketch \endash  Richard C. Sant
\par Source:
\par History Of Columbiana County, Ohio \endash  Harold B. Barth
\par Historical Publishing Company 1926
\par 
\par 
\par \tab }{\b\fs24\insrsid13571432 Richard C. Sant }{\fs24\insrsid13571432 
is a representative young business man of East Liverpool and a member of a family that has long been identified with the pottery industry in Columbiana County. He was born at Wellsville, May 15, 1893, and is the son of John and Josephine (Webster) Sant.

\par 
\par \tab John Sant was born in England. When a young man he came to this country and settled in East Liverpool, where for a short time he was connected with the morning newspaper. He established a business college i
n this city and after several years went to Wellsville, where he served as manager of the Wellsville China Company. Later, he established a pottery business in Louisville, Ky., which he sold finally. He then became interested in the pottery supply busines
s
 in East Liverpool, the business being known as John Sant Company. In 1911 the company was incorporated as John Sant & Sons Company with the following officers: John Sant, president; Richard C. Sant, vice president; Thomas Sant, secretary and treasurer. J
o
hn Sant is deceased and buried in Riverview Cemetery, East Liverpool. His wife lives in this city. To Mr. and Mrs. Sant three sons were born: William, mention of whom is made below; Richard C., the subject of this sketch; and John Francis, a graduate of K
enyon College and Bexley Theological Seminary, is stationed at Detroit, Mich.
\par 
\par \tab William Sant was a student at Oxford College, England, at the outbreak of the World War. In 1916 he enlisted in the British Army and was sent to Egypt, where he died and is buried.
\par 
\par \tab Richard C. Sant\rquote s maternal grandfather was Elijah Webster, pioneer pottery manufacturer of this section. He was associated with the C. C. Thompson Pottery Company of East Liverpool for a number of years. 
\par 
\par \tab Mr. Sant was reared and educated in East Liverpool and when a young man became connected with his father\rquote 
s business, being elected vice president of the company in 1911. The officers are Richard C. Sant, president; and John F. Sant, secretary and treasurer. They are miners and dealers in clay and F
eldspar for the potteries and handle both domestic and imported products. The offices of John Sant & Sons Company, brokers, are in the Brookes Building, of Market Street.
\par 
\par \tab In 1914 Mr. Sant was united in marriage with Miss Helen Boyd of Chester, W. Va., th
e daughter of I. B. and Lillian (Tannehill) Boyd, residents of New Kensington, Pa. Mr. and Mrs. Sant have two sons: Richard Boyd, born in August, 1916; and John William, born in 1920.
\par 
\par \tab Mr. Sant is identified with the American Ceramic Society. He is a Republican, a member of the Episcopal Church, and the Elks Lodge. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3034900 
\par }}